Our simple RPG should have a player, various enemies, towns, and various settings for our player to go through.
Right now, the player plays until they reach level 100, upon which they decide to challenge the dragon lord
When they game over, they return to a single village

Instead, why don't they go through 5-8 'worlds'? Each has their own village that the player returns to once they lose all their health
Maybe each has their own items the player can buy to help them?
And the player can return to previous worlds if they so wish... or new villages just have the previous villages items

so, a player has stats such as a max hp, attack, defense, magic, magic points, and speed. They also have a level, current hp, exp, and gold.
Their sword, shield, and wand have levels of their own. The player also has a catalogue of items they can find to aid them in their quest.
They also have temporary versions of their stats that disappear after a battle ends.

The player will encounter various monsters during their quest. Monsters have the same stats as the player. Different species have different skills
that use magic instead of attack and can leave various status effects on the player. Monsters also have elements that change what their basic attack is.
By default, all elements deal more damage to a nonelemental

Status effects include Weaken (lowers attack), Decay (lowers defense), Slow (lowers speed), Disquiet (lowers magic), Poison (lowers HP per turn) and Freeze (skips a turn)
Positive status effects do the opposite of this.
Status effects heal after a certain amount of turns.

Elements include Fire, Water, Plant, Earth, Lightning, Air, Light, Dark
    Water --> Fire --> Plant --> Earth --> Air --> Lightning -->
    Light <--> Dark; Light resists Earth, Air, and Lightning, Dark resists Water, Fire, and Plant
    All --> Nonelemental

During a quest, the player travels through the wilds and encounters either monsters, fairy fountains, wandering merchants, a rest spot, or treasure. Monsters cause a battle to start,
fairy fountains heal the player to full health, merchants offer a limited selection of disposable items, and treasure gives the player money
Rest spots allow the player to use items they bought.

Items include potions and temporary boosts to stats.
Permanent items include:
    bubble that prevents effects until the first damaging attack
    gold charm that increases the gold earned from battles
    lucky charm that increases the chance of a critical hit
    exp charm that boosts exp earned from battles
    silent boots that make the player always able to flee from a battle (or doubles chance of fleeing)
    charms that permanently boost stats
    charms that give the player certain skills
    charms that make the player resist certain types
    armors that make the player certain elements
    weapons that change the element of the player's default attack
    charm that revives the player once when their HP is reduced to 0 
    keys that allow the player to fight the area's boss
        These only have a chance of dropping once the player's fought a certain amount of monsters in an area
        drop chance increases the more monsters the player fights after that
        Once the player has a boss key, they can't get any more
        
During a quest, the player has the option to continue in the wilderness, return back to a village, or check their stats.

During a battle, the player can either attack, defend, use a skill, use an item, or run.
    Attacking deals damage of the player's element and is affected by their sword level and attack
    Defending reduces damage from enemies and is affected by the player's shield
    Skills are special attacks that depend on the player's element and available skills, and depend on the player's magic and wand level
    Items are items the player has collected
    Running depends on the player's speed compared to the monster's speed, plus the presence of silent boots
The player takes their turn, then the monster takes theirs. Repeat until one party has their HP reduced to 0. If the player wins, the monster
drops gold and possibly an item, and the player gets exp. If the player loses, they lose gold (if they have any) and are hauled back to the village
for the world they're in.

When the player finishes the final world, they gain access to the Dragon Lord's castle and need to search for the boss key for the Dragon Lord.


Water --> Fire --> Plant --> Earth --> Air --> Lightning -->
        Light <--> Dark; Light resists Earth, Air, and Lightning, Dark resists Water, Fire, and Plant
        All --> Nonelemental

Each world should have a list of monsters with specific traits that can appear
    (probably defined in monster)